Update baseline markdowns with some of the "structural" changes to support automation and "substantive" change efforts (#330)
cisagov/ScubaGear: baselines/aad.md

2.  Under **Access Controls** -\> **Grant**, select **Block access**.

**Policy MS.AAD.2.2v1**:

1.  Follow the instructions in the [Configure users at risk detected alerts](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/identity-protection/howto-identity-protection-configure-notifications#configure-users-at-risk-detected-alerts)
    section to configure Azure AD Identity Protection to email the
    security operations team/administrator when a user account is
    determined to be high risk so that they can review and respond to
    threats.

## 3. High Risk Sign-ins

Azure AD Identity Protection uses various signals to detect the risk
level for each user sign-in. Sign-ins detected as high risk are to be
blocked via Conditional Access.

> ###  Policy

Reviewer: This should be policies

Author: updated!

3.  Set the **Access Controls** -\> **Session** -\> **Sign-in
    frequency** to a value of “12 hours”.

## 10. Browser Sessions

To reduce the risk of credential theft during user sessions, disallow
persistent browser sessions.

### Policy
#### MS.AAD.10.1v1

> - Browser sessions SHALL not be persistent.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Browser sessions SHALL not be persistent.
```

    Administrator. Once the roles are reassigned according to the
    guidance, check the score again after 48 hours to ensure compliance.

## 12. Highly Privileged User Accounts

Assign users that need to perform highly privileged tasks to cloud-only
Azure AD accounts to minimize the collateral damage of an on-premises
identity compromise.[^1]

### Policies
#### MS.AAD.12.1v1
Users that need to be assigned to highly privileged Azure AD roles SHALL be provisioned cloud-only accounts that are separate from the on-premises directory or other federated identity providers.
- _Rationale:_ TODO
- _Last modified:_ June 2023

#### MS.AAD.12.2v1

> The following built-in Azure AD roles are considered highly privileged at a minimum. Additional built-in roles that are considered highly privileged in the agency’s environment can be added to this list:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following built-in Azure AD roles are considered highly privileged at a minimum. Additional built-in roles that are considered highly privileged in the agency's environment can be added to this list:
```

5.  Under **Users and Groups** -\> **Applies to**, select **All users.**

## 18. Guest User Access

Ensure that only users with specific privileges can invite guest users
to the tenant and that invites can only be sent to specific external
domains. Also ensure that guest users have limited access to Azure AD
directory objects.

> ### 2.18.1 Policy

Reviewer: Forgot to remove 2.18.1 from policy section header

Reviewer: needs to be changed to policies as well
